---
 title: "2024-02-22-news"
 layout: post
---
<h1>2024-02-22</h1><h2>Google goes “open AI” with Gemma, a free, open-weights chatbot family (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2024/02/google-goes-open-ai-with-gemma-a-free-open-weights-chatbot-family/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Google's new family of AI language models, Gemma, are free open-weights models built on technology similar to Gemini. Gemma models can run locally on a desktop or laptop computer. There are two models, one with 2 billion parameters and the other with 7 billion. Each model has pre-trained and instruction-tuned variants available. Google claims the 7 billion parameter model outperforms Meta's Llama 2 7B and 13B models on several benchmarks in math, Python code generation, general knowledge, and commonsense reasoning tasks. This is Google's first significant open large language model release since OpenAI's ChatGPT was revealed in late 2022. </p><hr /><h2>75K loyal Redditors can snag shares before Reddit goes public (4 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2024/02/report-75k-loyal-redditors-can-snag-shares-before-reddit-goes-public/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Reddit hopes to entice its users to become shareholders to help drive change and make the market more fair to individual traders. 75,000 of the most prolific Redditors will have the opportunity to buy shares before trading starts when the company goes public later this year, possibly as soon as March. The privilege is usually reserved for big investors. Reddit announced its IPO in December 2021, when it was valued at about $10 billion. The site experienced widespread protests in June last year after it killed off many third-party apps by charging for access to its API. Users are still questioning the company's leadership over the decision. </p><hr /><h2>A Peek at Intel’s Future Foundry Tech (8 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://spectrum.ieee.org/intel-18a?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Intel has revealed new chip technologies for its foundry customers. The advances include more dense logic and a 16-fold increase in the connectivity within 3D-stacked chips. Intel is moving from being a company that only produces its own chips to becoming a foundry that makes chips for others. This article takes a look at the new technologies that Intel will be offering in its new business model. </p><hr /><h2>NASA faces a quandary with its audacious lunar cargo program (9 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://arstechnica.com/space/2024/02/as-companies-shoot-at-the-moon-nasas-tolerance-of-failure-is-tested/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Flying to the Moon is expensive, so NASA decided to reach out to private companies for help. NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS) program originally aimed to launch its first missions by 2020. Years later, the first vehicles are now ready. Astrobotic's Odysseus lander will attempt to land on the Moon on Thursday. No private company has successfully landed on the Moon yet. If the CLPS program is successful, in a few years, NASA will have laid the foundation for a highway to the Moon. </p><hr /><h2>ReadySet (GitHub Repo)</h2><p><a href="https://github.com/readysettech/readyset?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>ReadySet is a transparent database cache for Postgres and MySQL. It provides the performance and scalability of an in-memory key-value store without requiring users to rewrite their apps or manually handle cache invalidation. ReadySet can turn even the most complex SQL reads into lightning-fast lookups. It keeps cached query results in sync with databases automatically by utilizing the database's replication stream. ReadySet can be used along with an existing ORM or database client. </p><hr /><h2>Park UI (Website)</h2><p><a href="https://park-ui.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Park UI contains components built on Ark UI that work for any JavaScript or CSS framework. The components have sensible defaults that can be easily customized. Park UI ships packages tailored for each supported CSS framework, allowing developers to only install the components they need. Examples for inspiration are available. </p><hr /><h2>I Ran A Background Check On A Startup (27 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.careerfair.io/background-check?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Employers regularly run background checks on potential employees. However, companies don't always make their history public - there's only so much you can learn from career pages and recruiter emails. This article presents an example of what a background check on an employer might look like. The check goes through checking a company's funding rounds, Glassdoor reviews, and court orders. Performing a background check on a company can turn up interesting facts that could help you decide whether you really want to work with them. </p><hr /><h2>The killer app of Gemini Pro 1.5 is video (13 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://simonwillison.net/2024/Feb/21/gemini-pro-video/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Gemini Pro 1.5 is an enormous upgrade for the Gemini series. The model has a 1,000,000 token context size, much larger than Claude 2.1's 200,000 and gpt-4-turbo's 128,000 token context sizes. While the model can still miss things and hallucinate incorrect details, it is able to process and extract text information from short videos. This article contains an example where Gemini Pro 1.5 is used to extract book names from a short video. </p><hr /><h2>Apple is already defending iMessage against tomorrow’s quantum computing attacks (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.theverge.com/2024/2/21/24079081/apple-imessage-pq3-post-quantum-cryptography?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Apple's PQ3 cryptographic protocol purports to offer more robust encryption and defense against quantum computing attacks. </p><hr /><h2>Nvidia posts revenue up 265% on booming AI business (4 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/21/nvidia-nvda-earnings-report-q4-2024.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>A summary of Nvidia's fourth fiscal quarter earnings. </p><hr /><h2>Things I Don't Know About AI (15 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://blog.eladgil.com/p/things-i-dont-know-about-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>A collection of questions about the AI industry and where it is headed. </p><hr /><h2>Retell AI (38 second video)</h2><p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LT64_mgkro&amp;utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Retell AI turns LLM agents into human-like voice agents that can handle tasks like making appointments with customers. </p><hr /><h2>Tech has graduated from the Star Trek era to the Douglas Adams age (9 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://interconnected.org/home/2024/02/21/adams?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>AI is the most Douglas Adams of all technologies - when technology becomes absurd, we must respond with absurd inventions. </p><hr /><h2>The top 7 bestselling phone models of 2023 are all iPhones (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/02/apple-takes-the-top-7-best-selling-phone-models-for-2023/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The top three phones of 2023 were all the iPhone 14 models, with the iPhone 13 taking the fourth spot before the iPhone 15 models in spots 5, 6, and 7. </p><hr />