---
 title: "2024-04-23-news"
 layout: post
---
<h1>2024-04-23</h1><h2>Apple Working to Secure Streaming Rights to FIFA Club World Cup (1 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/gpEyd8">링크</a>  </p><p>Apple is working to secure an exclusive TV deal with FIFA, who plans to launch a revamped version of Club World Cup in 2025. Apple wants the TV rights to the event, which will feature 32 teams from each of the six confederations. The first tournament will take place in the US next summer. The deal could be worth around $1 billion. Apple has already paid $2.5 billion to secure global broadcasting rights to Major League Soccer and it has also secured a deal with Major League Baseball. The company sees live sports as a way to lure new customers to the Apple TV+ streaming service. </p><hr /><h2>First real-life Pixel 9 Pro pictures leak, and it has 16GB of RAM (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/epwrTF">링크</a>  </p><p>Real-life pictures of the Pixel 9 Pro have leaked. The prototypes look just like the renders that came out back in January. The device features a new pill-shaped camera bump with rounded corners that match the body shape. The front and back of the phone are totally flat, with a metal band around the side. There will be three models of the phone this year: the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, and Pixel 9 Pro XL. </p><hr /><h2>Meet QDEL, the backlight-less display tech that could replace OLED in premium TVs (14 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/TJdvFb">링크</a>  </p><p>Quantum dot electroluminescent (QDEL) screens produce wide color spaces and are bright, affordable, and resistant to burn-in. Also known as NanoLED, the technology is being eyed as one of the most potentially influential developments for consumer displays over the next two years. There aren't any QDEL products yet and they may not be released for a while yet. This article explains how the technology works, looks at its advantages, and explores competing technologies. </p><hr /><h2>Generative A.I. Arrives in the Gene Editing World of CRISPR (8 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/GIOqzu">링크</a>  </p><p>Profluent, a Berkeley startup, has used generative AI technology to create new gene editors based on CRISPR. The company has used one of the AI-generated gene editors to edit human DNA, but it has yet to put any of them through clinical trials. While Profluent plans to open source the gene editors generated by its AI technology, it will not be open sourcing the AI technology itself. The project is part of a wider effort to build AI technologies that improve medical care. </p><hr /><h2>Prompt library (Website)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/2AED1m">링크</a>  </p><p>This site allows users to submit and explore optimized prompts for a breadth of tasks. The prompts on the site can help generate games, extract insights from reports, create websites, write Excel formulas, and more. They are split into three categories: personal prompts, business prompts, and user-submitted prompts. The prompts can be filtered by keyword. </p><hr /><h2>Good Ideas in Computer Science (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/dV9S3Z">링크</a>  </p><p>Programmers love to argue for their favorite technologies, but there are some ideas that are universally agreed on. This article provides a list of ideas within computer science that are universally considered good and the year each idea appeared. These ideas are so widespread and effective that many may not even think of them as being invented. The list focuses on ideas, not implementations, so some things like Unix aren't on the list. Some example items from the list include binary numbers, boolean algebra, arrays, and version control. </p><hr /><h2>Sam Altman Invests in Energy Startup Focused on AI Data Centers (5 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/j7OaWn">링크</a>  </p><p>Sam Altman and other investors, including venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, have put $20 million into Exowatt, a company that aims to provide big data centers with clean energy. The AI industry uses a lot of energy - a single new data center can use as much electricity as hundreds and thousands of homes. Exowatt has developed modules roughly the size of shipping containers that hold solar lenses that convert energy from the sun into heat. The company hopes to eventually offer electricity as cheap as 1 cent per kilowatt-hour without subsidies. </p><hr /><h2>Mark Zuckerberg says Meta will offer its virtual reality OS to hardware companies, creating iPhone versus Android dynamic (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/0ltWg7">링크</a>  </p><p>Meta plans to partner with external hardware companies to build virtual reality headsets using its Meta Horizon operating system. The move will result in new hardware devices that run on the same operating system and software as Meta's current first-party virtual reality hardware. It will recreate the Android versus iOS dynamic in smartphones with virtual reality headsets. Apple will soon have to compete against a range of different hardware devices at various prices, all running on Meta's operating system. </p><hr /><h2>Ask HN: What rabbit hole(s) did you dive into recently? (Hacker News Thread)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/qiDfhJ">링크</a>  </p><p>Sometimes while researching, reading, or debugging, you stumble across something interesting, and upon looking into that, yet another subject catches your attention. </p><hr /><h2>The little smart home platform that could (10 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/PIRXm5">링크</a>  </p><p>The Open Home Foundation now owns and governs all of Home Assistant, an open-source smart home platform known for its unmatched power and flexibility, and its related entities. </p><hr /><h2>Majority of Americans now use ad blockers (4 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/cH0j9U">링크</a>  </p><p>52% of Americans use an adblocker, up from 34% in 2022. </p><hr /><h2>A Game of Take Rates (8 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/el7pBt">링크</a>  </p><p>A look at why Cash App hasn't taken advantage of the difference in take rate between Cash App Pay and Cash Card. </p><hr /><h2>Apple Orders Capacitive Button Components Allegedly for iPhone 16 (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/dD2eCQ">링크</a>  </p><p>Apple reportedly ordered system-in-a-package modules from Advanced Semiconductor Engineering that will be used to integrate capacitive components with Taptic Engine motors. </p><hr /><h2>Copyleft licenses are not “restrictive” (7 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://links.tldr.tech/dSfkmm">링크</a>  </p><p>Copyleft is predicated on an understanding of freedom in which freedom is a positive guarantee of rights. </p><hr />