---
 title: "2024-09-03-news"
 layout: post
---
<h1>2024-09-03</h1><h2>Start speaking a new language in 3 weeks with Babbel's Labor Day sale! (Sponsor)</h2><p><a href="https://go.babbel.com/t?bsc=directpartner-2024-promo&amp;btp=default&amp;utm_term=generic_v1&amp;utm_campaign=Direct-Partnerships&amp;utm_medium=partner&amp;utm_source=TLDR&amp;utm_content=partner..laborday..Sep-2024&amp;bclid=%7Bclickid%7D">링크</a>  </p><p>Always wanted to learn a new language someday? Guess what: that someday could be today. </p><hr /><h2>Nvidia Takes an Added Role Amid AI Craze: Data-Center Designer (7 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.wsj.com/tech/ai/nvidia-ai-servers-data-centers-ab7ad6a0?st=y0lyboh94kfug74&amp;reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink&amp;utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang is trying to build Nvidia into a one-stop shop for all of the key elements in a data center. The strategy is designed to make the company's offerings stickier for customers. Nvidia is also building a business that supplies AI-optimized Ethernet, a business that is expected to generate billions of dollars in revenue within a year. The competition in the space is growing, with companies like AMD bolstering their data-center offerings and chip suppliers like Intel offering services and systems to help customers build and operate AI tools. </p><hr /><h2>OpenAI searches for an answer to its copyright problems (17 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.theverge.com/2024/8/30/24230975/openai-publisher-deals-web-search?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>OpenAI is offering $1 million to $5 million a year deals to publishers for data that it has mostly already scraped. While these deals may give the company access to APIs for more up-to-the-moment queries, the payments are more of a way to ensure that publishers don't sue OpenAI for the stuff it has already scraped. A lawsuit would be much more expensive for OpenAI. Its current lawsuit with The New York Times may end up costing it at least $7.5 billion in statutory damages alone. </p><hr /><h2>New hydrogel ‘invention' could slow, treat arthritis in early stages, claims China (4 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://interestingengineering.com/health/new-hydrogel-invention-slow-arthritis?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Scientists in China have developed a hydrogel that may be able to treat osteoarthritis and slow down disease progression. The hydrogel restores cartilage lubrication, preventing the progression of early osteoarthritis. It is comprised of tiny hollow spheres made of a biomaterial derived from natural protein and a synthetic polymer, the combination of which creates a favorable environment for cell growth and hydration. The treatment is able to precisely target small areas of inflammation. The hydrogel has shown promise in rat studies, outperforming traditional treatments in terms of reducing friction and improving joint lubrication. </p><hr /><h2>What a 160-year-old theory about coal predicts about our self-driving future (7 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.theverge.com/2024/9/2/24232386/self-driving-car-jevons-paradox-robotaxi-waymo-cruise?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Greater efficiency in deploying a resource causes demand for that resource to skyrocket, negating any expected decline in total usage. For example, people responded to improved light bulb efficiency by installing so many more of them there has been no decline in the total energy consumed by lighting. Jevons paradox, which describes this phenomenon, explains why efficiency improvements can backfire and cause the opposite outcome from what was intended. Autonomous vehicles promise increased safety and lower environmental impact, but Jevons paradox predicts that total crashes and emissions will likely increase rather than fall. </p><hr /><h2>Amazon S3 now supports conditional writes (1 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/08/amazon-s3-conditional-writes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Amazon S3 now supports conditional writes that can check for the existence of an object before creating it. This helps developers more easily prevent applications from overwriting any existing objects when uploading data. Conditional writes can be used to simplify how distributed applications with multiple clients concurrently update data in parallel across shared datasets. Developers no longer need to build any client-side consensus mechanisms to coordinate updates or use additional API requests to check for the presence of an object before uploading data. The feature is available at no additional charge in all AWS regions. </p><hr /><h2>What we can learn from vintage computing (16 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://github.com/readme/featured/vintage-computing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Thanks to open source, no technology ever has to become obsolete as long as there is a community to support it. Working with vintage technologies is fun, helps developers learn more about computer science, and preserves computing history. There are many lessons to be learned from the 'old ways'. This article looks at several projects keeping older technologies alive and the lessons that can be learned from them. </p><hr /><h2>Have a test budget? Reach over 5 million tech professionals with an ad in TLDR (Sponsor)</h2><p><a href="https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_campaign=secondary09032024">링크</a>  </p><p>Rather than targeting the same tired audience on social media and seeing incremental gains at best, why not reach a fresh audience? Reach software developers, product managers, marketers, executives and other tech professionals reading TLDR every day. TLDR offers 10 interest-based newsletters to help you get in front of your target audience.  </p><hr /><h2>For years, tech firms were fighting a war for talent. Now they are waging war on talent (13 minute read)</h2><p><a href="http://www.rosspettit.com/2024/08/for-years-tech-was-fighting-war-for.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The tech labor market in the 21st century went from cold to overheated over the span of many years - it wasn't sudden. Tech firms have now changed significantly as these companies are starting to prioritize cash flow. The operating environment has changed from one that accepts a high tolerance for failure to one with very low, if not zero, tolerance for failure. Tech must now operate within financial constraints with very little room for negotiation. </p><hr /><h2>Why don't more people use Linux? (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://world.hey.com/dhh/why-don-t-more-people-use-linux-33b75f53?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>While Linux may be free, it demands more of the user than the commercial offerings from Microsoft and Apple. Most computer users aren't interested in an intellectual workout when all they want to do is browse the web or use an app. Programmers should be different - they should take the time to learn the operating system to develop a better understanding of the basics of the Internet. While it may not be easy to learn to use Linux, it's definitely worth it. </p><hr /><h2>This weekend, the @xAI team brought our Colossus 100k H100 training cluster online (1 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1830650370336473253.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>It took 122 days to build Colossus - the cluster will double in size in a few months. </p><hr /><h2>The Art of Finishing (14 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.bytedrum.com/posts/art-of-finishing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Finishing projects teaches us different lessons than starting them - the end stages of a project often involve optimization, refactoring, and really understanding the intricacies of your code. </p><hr /><h2>The most popular programming languages in 2024 (and what that even means) (18 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.zdnet.com/article/the-most-popular-programming-languages-in-2024-and-what-that-even-means/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>People looking for programming jobs should brush up on their SQL, Python, and Java. </p><hr /><h2>Affordable. Online. It's your time. Find your degree today. (Sponsor)</h2><p><a href="https://degrees.snhu.edu/?utm_source=TLDR&amp;utm_medium=PPL&amp;utm_campaign=PROS_Email&amp;utm_content=TLDR-Gen&amp;snhu_segment=OL">링크</a>  </p><p>Ready to reach your goals? SNHU is a private, nonprofit, accredited university that offers some of the lowest online tuition rates in the nation.  </p><hr /><h2>Differing Values In A Team Are Costly (6 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://rtpg.co/2024/08/31/cost-of-a-values-gap/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>It just ends up with a bunch of people being frustrated, because nobody is wrong - they just don't have the same values. </p><hr /><h2>Reasons to write design docs (12 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://ntietz.com/blog/reasons-to-write-design-docs/?utm_source=atom&amp;utm_medium=feed">링크</a>  </p><p>Writing design docs helps you think, leading to better designs and a better understanding of the design within the organization. </p><hr /><h2>OpenAI plans to build its own AI chips on TSMC's forthcoming 1.6 nm A16 process node (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.pcgamer.com/software/ai/openai-plans-to-build-its-own-ai-chips-on-tsmcs-forthcoming-16-nm-a16-process-node/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The A16 process node is still in development and is still years away from being ready for bulk orders. </p><hr />