---
 title: "2024-07-17-news"
 layout: post
---
<h1>2024-07-17</h1><h2>After Tesla and OpenAI, Andrej Karpathy's startup aims to apply AI assistants to education (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://techcrunch.com/2024/07/16/after-tesla-and-openai-andrej-karpathys-startup-aims-to-apply-ai-assistants-to-education/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Andrej Karpathy, former head of AI at Tesla and researcher at OpenAI, has launched an 'AI native' education platform called Eureka Labs. The company aims to create AI teaching assistants to guide students through course materials. These AI assistants will work with human teachers to allow anyone to learn anything. The venture's first product will be an undergraduate-level class that will help students train their very own AI. Eureka Labs will run both digital and physical classes. </p><hr /><h2>Giant Pixel 9 leak gives us our first real-world look at the Fold, faster charging specs, and more (5 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.androidauthority.com/google-pixel-9-pro-fold-ncc-3461263/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The Taiwanese version of the FCC has leaked photos and details of the entire Pixel 9 series. The photos confirm that Google is moving the Pixel Fold's inner selfie camera to the corner of the screen and adding a new square camera arrangement. The Pixel 9 series will feature faster charging speeds and Thread support. It is expected to launch at the Made by Google event on August 13. The leaked pictures are available in the article. </p><hr /><h2>Air-deflecting shield allows athletes to run like the unimpeded wind (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://newatlas.com/sports/airshield-runners-training/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The Airshield is a device that allows runners to train without experiencing any air resistance. Currently a prototype, the Airshield allows athletes to run faster than they are able to unaided, allowing their bodies to learn the neuromuscular sequences required to run at that speed. The wedge-shaped open-backed cart is towed behind an electric go-kart, which is steered along a running track by a human driver. Pictures and a video of the Airshield being used are available in the article. </p><hr /><h2>Startups are building balloons to hoist tourists 100,000 feet into the stratosphere (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.cnbc.com/2024/07/13/balloons-to-hoist-tourists-100000-feet-into-the-stratosphere.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>France-based Zephalto, Florida-based Space Perspective, and Arizona-based World View are just three of the startups currently building balloons to hoist tourists to the stratosphere. Most of these balloons will reach heights of 15 to 19 miles above the Earth's surface. At that height, the outside of the capsules will be essentially a vacuum and the sky will be a deep black. Passengers will not experience weightlessness. There will be no physical requirements for passengers to board the balloons. Seats on the balloons range from $50,000 to around $184,000. </p><hr /><h2>Lessons learned in 35 years of making software (7 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://dev.jimgrey.net/2024/07/03/lessons-learned-in-35-years-of-making-software/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>This blog post contains a list of lessons learned by a developer from 35 years of making software. The advice covers topics such as relationships, chasing interests, how people see the world, different mindsets to develop, and more. A lot of career progression in white-collar work is gained through developing relationships. </p><hr /><h2>Decentralizing DevRel (14 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://dx.tips/huggingface?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>This article looks at how Hugging Face approaches developer relations. Hugging Face is well known for being a startup whose large online community also translates to massive multi-thousand-people meetups all over the world. The community-centric company prioritizes giving the spotlight to community members and collaborators as much as possible and provides compute and no-strings-attached cash grants to community members and communities. It also helps maintain open-source libraries and closely collaborates with other tools. The company aims to always take a collaborative approach to working with other groups, open-source platforms, and libraries. </p><hr /><h2>Interviewing Epic Games Founder/CEO Tim Sweeney &amp; Author/Entrepreneur Neal Stephenson (68 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.matthewball.co/all/sweeneystephenson?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>This article contains an interview with Tim Sweeney, Founder and CEO of Epic Games, and Neal Stephenson, the author who coined the term 'Metaverse'. The interview discusses the Metaverse, thoughts on its technological and economic growth, Apple's Vision Pro, blockchains, the ethics of generative AI, and much more. </p><hr /><h2>Why FTC Needs to Rethink Tech Regulation (6 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://om.co/2024/07/16/why-ftc-needs-to-rethink-tech-regulation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The current regulatory system isn't set up to consider regulations in a long-term fashion in our technology-driven world. The FTC wants to create opportunities for non-Big Tech companies, but the reality of the technology ecosystem is very different. Many companies with the potential to grow bigger are staying private to avoid public market scrutiny. Regulators need to rethink what constitutes a monopoly in the digital age. </p><hr /><h2>Apple is finally embracing Android's chaos (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.theverge.com/24196806/ios-18-android-chaos?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>iOS 18 gives users tools to easily customize the app icons on their homescreen and put app icons wherever they want. </p><hr /><h2>What I Got Wrong About VR (9 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://every.to/napkin-math/what-i-got-wrong-about-vr?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Virtual reality headsets are devices designed for selfish consumption, separating users visually from reality. </p><hr /><h2>Amazon wants employees to come to the office — and stay there (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://qz.com/amazon-tracking-office-hours-prime-day-1851595080?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Amazon is keeping tabs on the number of hours corporate employees spend in the office to prevent them from leaving immediately after badging in. </p><hr /><h2>Google's $500M effort to wreck Microsoft EU cloud deal failed (4 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2024/07/googles-500m-effort-to-wreck-microsoft-eu-cloud-deal-failed-report-says/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Google offered a $500 million alternative deal to a group of cloud providers to maintain its EU antitrust complaint against Microsoft. </p><hr /><h2>Private Browsing 2.0 (27 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://webkit.org/blog/15697/private-browsing-2-0/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Safari 17.0 adds link tracking protection, blocking network loads of known trackers, advanced fingerprinting protection, and more to Private Browsing. </p><hr /><h2>So you want to compete with or replace open source (5 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://archive.md/ZQ8iE">링크</a>  </p><p>Winning in open source means embracing the fact that you will share the commercial market for the software with other entities. </p><hr />