---
 title: "2024-02-26-news"
 layout: post
---
<h1>2024-02-26</h1><h2>Google Cloud Next '24 session library is now available</h2><p><a href="https://developers.googleblog.com/2024/02/google-cloud-next-24-session-library-now-available.html">링크</a>  </p><p>Posted by Max Saltonstall – Developer Relations Engineer </p><hr /><h2>Tesla shares more footage of Optimus walking improvements (4 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.teslarati.com/tesla-footage-optimus-walking/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Tesla's latest clip of its Optimus humanoid robot shows it smoothly walking around one of its testing facilities. The robot can currently walk at around 0.6 meters per second, a 30% speed boost compared to the robot's last appearance. Tesla is aiming for the robot to be eventually able to walk up to five miles per hour. A link to the video is available in the article. </p><hr /><h2>Google says Microsoft offered to sell Bing to Apple in 2018, but search-quality issues got in the way (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/24/google-says-microsoft-offered-to-sell-bing-to-apple-in-2018.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>A document from Google's antitrust case against the US Justice Department revealed that Microsoft offered to sell its Bing search engine to Apple several times over the past few decades, with Apple declining the offer over quality issues every time. Microsoft's almost $100 billion investment into Bing over 20 years was not enough to create a product comparable to Google's. Google's case centers over whether the company has a monopoly in web search. Microsoft's CEO previously testified that he has focused every year of his tenure as CEO to see if Apple would be open to a default search arrangement for Bing. </p><hr /><h2>How Does BlueSky Work? (17 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://steveklabnik.com/writing/how-does-bluesky-work?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>BlueSky (the company) is using BlueSky (the microblogging application) to prove the viability of the Authenticated Transfer Protocol (atproto), a federated protocol for large-scale distributed social applications. atproto can't be controlled by any one organization due to its federated nature - various parts of the system that communicate with each other can have multiple people running them. This article takes a close look at how atproto works, explaining its structure, how the system is supposed to work, potential issues, and more. </p><hr /><h2>First private Moon lander touches down on lunar surface to make history (6 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-024-00549-z?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Odysseus landed successfully on the Moon on 22 February. Built by Intuitive Machines, Odysseus is the first private lunar lander and the first US lunar lander since 1972. It is currently around 300 kilometers from the lunar south pole, an area that may contain ice. The lander experienced a malfunction that required a software patch hours before landing. It will collect data for up to seven days until night falls at the landing site. </p><hr /><h2>React Strict DOM (GitHub Repo)</h2><p><a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-strict-dom?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>React Strict DOM aims to improve and standardize the development of styled React components for web and native. It integrates React DOM and StyleX to improve the speed and efficiency of React development without compromising performance, reliability, or quality. The tool is used at Meta to ship features faster to more platforms with fewer engineers. </p><hr /><h2>Functional UI Kit (GitHub Repo)</h2><p><a href="https://github.com/functional-ui/functional-ui-kit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Functional UI Kit is a design system that focuses on accessibility, development experience, and unified designer-developer experience. It uses Figma variables and CSS variables that share the same names, usage, and inheritance structure. Each Figma variable has a direct counterpart in CSS so there's no confusion. Functional UI Kit is packed with best practices, unified prop names, and consistent design and code. </p><hr /><h2>Lessons from my third year running a SaaS (8 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://maxrozen.com/lessons-from-my-third-year-running-a-saas?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>This post summarizes a developer's learnings from three years of running a SaaS app. In three years, their product had grown from a toy to something people were paying for. The developer learned to stop being afraid of success and calmed down on their software releases and content marketing. They experimented with onboarding, which massively paid off, and started to understand their own product philosophy. The developer learned that, once their product became sustainable, they only had to focus on quality. </p><hr /><h2>Apple Explored These Notch and Dynamic Island Designs for iPhones (2 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://www.macrumors.com/2024/02/23/iphone-notch-and-dynamic-island-designs/#:~:text=Another%20idea%20that%20Apple%20considered,contributed%20to%20battery%20life%20savings.?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Apple introduced the Dynamic Island with its iPhone 14 Pro models in 2022. The feature makes the space surrounding the front camera and Face ID sensors more useful compared to the notch in previous models. Apple explored a variety of ideas for the feature before arriving at its current design. This article looks at some of the ideas Apple considered and presents mock-ups of what they might have looked like. </p><hr /><h2>PGlite (GitHub Repo)</h2><p><a href="https://github.com/electric-sql/pglite?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>PGlite enables developers to run Postgres in the browser, Node.js, and Bun without any other dependencies. </p><hr /><h2>Reddit Warns That r/WallStreetBets Could Wreak Havoc on Its Stock Price (3 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://gizmodo.com/reddit-ipo-warning-wallstreetbets-stock-volatility-meme-1851280986?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Reddit has clearly listed one of its subreddits on its S-1 form as a possible risk to investing in the company. </p><hr /><h2>Can a programming language implement time travel? (10 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://stackoverflow.blog/2024/02/12/can-a-programming-language-implement-time-travel/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Mariposa is a toy programming language that claims to implement time travel as part of its feature set. </p><hr /><h2>JSON Lines (Website)</h2><p><a href="https://jsonlines.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>The JSON Lines text format, also called newline-delimited JSON, is a format for storing structured data that may be processed one record at a time that works well with Unix-style text processing tools and shell pipelines. </p><hr /><h2>Meta's new LLM-based test generator is a sneak peek to the future of development (10 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://read.engineerscodex.com/p/metas-new-llm-based-test-generator?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Meta's new test generator recommends fully-formed software improvements that are verified to be both correct and an improvement to current code coverage. </p><hr /><h2>AI won't eat your job, but it will eat your salary (16 minute read)</h2><p><a href="https://platforms.substack.com/p/ai-wont-eat-your-job-but-it-will?utm_source=tldrnewsletter">링크</a>  </p><p>Humans may not be able to command a skill premium once they are augmented by AI. </p><hr />